[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Now it's time for
the next exercise portion of our morning.
Where you fix more stuff in
the example code project.
So, to correspond with
exercise number two.
We've got some more GitHub issues for
you to take a look at.
>> Kevin Whinnery: They
are tagged with exercise two.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And the first one is a
bit that probably needs to be implemented
before we take this thing fully to
production which is a task which will,
a task to modify our collect
static task which we already have
in addition to running our
application JavaScript through
Browserify to then run it
through Uglify as well.
So compressing the JavaScript
source into a minified JavaScript
source file that we can use in production
and putting it into the public directory
just like we do with the rest of the
collect stack command so spoiler alert.
There is a Grunt plugin called Uglify
which is probably the place
to start barking up.
If you if you want to take
a crack at that task.
So that is number one.
For bonus points actually on this task,
I didn't actually call it out here,
but if you look in the EJS template
which renders our TODO MVC page,
there's a little bit of conditional
logic in there that inserts a script
tag to the minified version of app.css
if we're in the production environment.
But the JavaScript is
just app.JS every time so
maybe we also want to in the production
environment include the minified JS
file rather than the fully inflated one
with the source maps and everything.
So that's another bit that you might
want to take care of during this
particular issue.
The other one that I put
out there was to add
an NPM start script that
is dedicated just for
running migrations.
I think you'll probably notice
something in the package.json
that already does run the migrations but
post start,
which is what it's currently assigned to,
can do lots of other things.
So it might be nice to have an NPM
script which just runs migrations
using the sequelize command line tool.
And so, for that you'll have to learn
a slightly different incantation
to actually run that and make it work.
So, adding a special
purpose migration command
to our NPM start NPM scripts will
be another thing you could work on.
And those are the two I got, but I'm
getting like unsolicited pull requests for
all kinds of stuff which is awesome.
It's working, I'm very stoked at
what you guys are doing with this.